Test Cases			
			
Positive scenarios
1	Signin to the given app with StandardUser		
2	Signin to the given app with problem_user		
3	Signin to the given app with locked_out_user		
4	Signin to the given app with performance_glitch_user		
Negative Scenario
5	Signin to the given app with invalid user.		
			
			
Pre-conditions: user should be able to navigate to the login portal.			
			
			
TC 1			
Test Title: Verify Signin to the given app with StandardUser		
	
Step 	Test Steps                                        	 Expected Result						Actual Result
1	Navigate to given given login page		
2	Signin as standard_user		
3	Validate that the user is navigated to the homepage.   	Application should load fine with all data			As expected
			
			
TC 2:			
Test Title: Verify Signin to the given app with problem_user	
		
Step    Test Steps  						Expected Result			Actual Result
1	Navigate to given login page		
2	Signin as problem_user		
3	Validate that the user is navigated to the homepage.	user should land on HomePage	As expected
4. 	But the Images should not load				Images should not load		As expected
			
TC 3:			
Test Title: Verify Signin to the given app with locked_out_user	
	
Step   	Test Steps   			   				Expected Result	                        	Actual Result
1	Navigate to given login page		
2	Signin as locked_out user.		   			User should see Locked out error message	As expected.
3	Validate the locked out error message		
4	Validate that the user is  not navigated to the homepage.	user should land on HomePage			As expected
			
TC 4:			
Test Title: Verify Signin to the given app with performance_glitch_user
		
Step   Test Steps                          		Expected Result				Actual Result
1	Navigate to given login page		
2	Signin as performance_glitch_user		
3	Validate the application is loading slowly	Application should respond slowly.	As expected.
			
TC 5:			
Test Title: Verify Signin to the given app with invalid user.	
		
Step   	Test Steps	                Expected Result				Actual Result
1	Navigate to given login page                       		
2	Enter Invalid credentials		
3	Validate the error message.	Error message should be thrown.   	As expected
